For power law inflation, the potential driving the inflation is 
of the form

$$ V(\phi) = V_0exp\left[-\sqrt{\frac{2}{q}}(\phi - \phi_0)\right]$$

we solve the equations governing the evolution of the scalar field 
driving inflation. Using these solutions, we solve the evolution of 
tensor perturbations.

The equations governing the evolution of the scalar field and the 
tensor perturbations are

$$\ddot{\phi} + 3H\dot{\phi} + \frac{{\rm d}V}{{\rm d}\phi} = 0$$

$$h_{\bf k}'' +\frac{2a'}{a}h_{\bf k}' +k^2h_{\bf k} = 0$$_

where the overprime refers to differentiation with respect to conformal time $\eta$.
For a more detailed understanding of the theory behind our work, refer to a 
review paper on the topic by Sriramkumar [here][http://arxiv.org/abs/0904.4584].

The code base is divided into multiple folders :

The power_spectrum folder contains code specifically for evaluate 
the power spectrum of the tensor perturbations during power law inflation.
On the other hand, the bi-spectrum folder contains code that evaluates 
the power spectrum, the tensor bi-spectrum and the non gaussianity parameter 
h_NL.


In the power_spectrum folder :
Running the .py file generates data files containing the numerical 
solutions to the scalar field \phi, the Hubble parameter H, the parameter 
\eps_1 and the tensor power spectrum in the super-Hubble limit.
Running the python script file plot.py or the gnuplot script file 
small_field.plt will generate the relevant plots as .png or .eps files.

In the bi-spectrum folder :
There are codes that evaluate the tensor bi-spectrum in three cases :
the equilateral limit where we assume that all the three wave vectors 
are of the same magnitude, the squeezed limit where we assume that one of 
the wave vectors is of zero magnitude and the other two are of equal 
magnitude and the triangular configuration where the three wave vectors 
are taken such that they form a triangle.

Each individual folder again contains data and plots generated by the C and python 
codes. It also has data from a mathematica code to check our results against.
